every year again
at the regions meets well-known
new tradition mixes with
modern regional exchanges
international out of the annual
blasmusikfestival again this year
start in the summer as a window in the
The world of brass band music is in
Kennerkreisen described
The numerous festival areas offers
not only for the active participants
an unforgettable week
Countless to hear us enjoyed here
which performed excellently
musical performances in the center of
international glass music festivals
different frame points were big
Attention was paid to the halls
in recently rebuilt states
more congress center well-known conductors
Your works would be here in six days
to the visitors
special attention within the media
was also on the three churches in
Schladen and Haus laid the
church concerts were great
popularity
whether the musical excellence
and the atmospheric ambience
the beautiful open-air concerts in
house and schladming pleased
locals and guests alike
we are happy in the house is one
Enjoying music culture and that way
many people came is one
really enjoyable for our power
congregation house for the most beautiful flower village
Austria wonderful sounds new boy
people and the klitschkos in homeowners
the great thing
a popular highlight of the media hub
was the long shopping night
special shopping experience was through
longer opening hours of the shops
made possible the annual
fashion show inspired with more diverse
fashion accessories
on four stages in Schladming the part
the orchestras gave their works to
best
presented in the balmy summer night
folk and jazz music with bands and
ensemble musica exuberant shopping
with musical accompaniment made the
long night to a night of nights
the years of tradition and we are happy
us wherever you are there the fund is
beautiful city ​​every year great
mood many people are exactly that
every year that too many young
people the streets schladming
populated founded in the appearance
of the world youth blasorchester picture
sends young musicians from all over the world
traveled around with famous conductors
to rehearse high-quality compositions
from the transverse flute fiddle and harbor were
all instruments in the
representing international orchestras
the end of the rehearsals was a big one
Closing concert with representatives from and
application and switzerland and taiwan
I'm just so happy when you are
looking into the faces of the people
many satisfied many laughing people
fantastic music contributions i am
really very happy and one
Great visit but especially we are
she stayed dry with european
17 theirs in Schladming
is domiciled and we rent with the ob
an event has the new one
internationally and throughout Europe
unique even very proud together
Schladming Tattoo was a first time
event to end de medio
impressive was music with marching
show combines more than ten orchestras
and brass band brought the
spectator to quake
this presentation in the planai stadium
raged you do not miss out
Satisfied, the organizers look up
shopping the lively week full of music
and joy back now it says for all
those are waiting for next year if the
media do not internationalize again
beaten
st
do